README.md, before:

Get Cell ID
===========

This is an open web app, targetted at Firefox OS and tested initially on the Geeksphone Peak, that grabs the current cellular network ID (the MCC, MNC, LAC and Cell ID) and displays them.

The app will also, optionally, upload this information to the [OpenCellID.org](http://opencellid.org) project via its API.

Data Usage
----------

In my testing (using the "Usage" app on my Geeksphone Peak), the app uses data as follows:

* initial A-GPS call: 1.42KB
* every OpenCellID.org update: 2.13KB

This means that if you leave the app set at the default update frequency of 30 seconds, and left it running all day, the app would update 2,880 times and consume 6134KB (about 6MB) of data. If you set the update frequency to 5 minutes, the app will update 288 times a day and consume 613KB.

To Do
-----

* Handle failure, especially of the OpenCellID.org update, more gracefully (or, indeed, at all), and perhaps check the OpenCellID.org key for validity when it's saved on the "Settings" page.
* Make the Cell ID "clickable", generating a query to the OpenCellID.org API that accepts a Cell ID and returns its guess of geolocation.
* Make the use of the GPS smarter: if the device is idle on a bedstand overnight there's no need to leave the GPS on when this app is running, as it will just run the battery down. So perhaps use the cell ID itself, and/or the accelerometer, to detect a change in position and turn on the GPS only when we need it.

Sources
-------

* [Zepto.js](http://zeptojs.com/)
* [Moment.js](http://momentjs.com/)
* [Icon](http://vector.me/browse/195013/radio_wireless_tower_clip_art)

Screenshots
-----------

![image](screenshots/getcellid-screenshot.png)

![image](screenshots/getcellid-settings-screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Added a note about mobileconnection permission in the README.

README.md, after:

Get Cell ID
===========

This is an open web app, targetted at Firefox OS and tested initially on the Geeksphone Peak, that grabs the current cellular network ID (the MCC, MNC, LAC and Cell ID) and displays them.

The app will also, optionally, upload this information to the [OpenCellID.org](http://opencellid.org) project via its API.

Data Usage
----------

In my testing (using the "Usage" app on my Geeksphone Peak), the app uses data as follows:

* initial A-GPS call: 1.42KB
* every OpenCellID.org update: 2.13KB

This means that if you leave the app set at the default update frequency of 30 seconds, and left it running all day, the app would update 2,880 times and consume 6134KB (about 6MB) of data. If you set the update frequency to 5 minutes, the app will update 288 times a day and consume 613KB.

To Do
-----

* Handle failure, especially of the OpenCellID.org update, more gracefully (or, indeed, at all), and perhaps check the OpenCellID.org key for validity when it's saved on the "Settings" page.
* Make the Cell ID "clickable", generating a query to the OpenCellID.org API that accepts a Cell ID and returns its guess of geolocation.
* Make the use of the GPS smarter: if the device is idle on a bedstand overnight there's no need to leave the GPS on when this app is running, as it will just run the battery down. So perhaps use the cell ID itself, and/or the accelerometer, to detect a change in position and turn on the GPS only when we need it.

Limitations
-----------

Getting cell ID information requires using the [Mobile Connection API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAPI/Mobile_Connection), which requires the **mobileconnection** permission in the manfest, which, in turn, requires that the app be "certified" to be available in the Firefox Marketplace (or, indeed, to be made available as a user-installable packaged app). So, as things are now, this app's distribution will be difficult.

Sources
-------

* [Zepto.js](http://zeptojs.com/)
* [Moment.js](http://momentjs.com/)
* [Icon](http://vector.me/browse/195013/radio_wireless_tower_clip_art)

Screenshots
-----------

![image](screenshots/getcellid-screenshot.png)

![image](screenshots/getcellid-settings-screenshot.png)
